c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Projet\Projet\bin\Debug\Projet.exe.config
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Projet\Projet\bin\Debug\Projet.exe
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Projet\Projet\bin\Debug\Projet.pdb
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Projet\Projet\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Projet\Projet\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Projet\Projet\obj\Debug\Projet_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Projet\Projet\obj\Debug\Projet_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Projet\Projet\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Projet\Projet\obj\Debug\Projet.g.resources
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Projet\Projet\obj\Debug\Projet.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Projet\Projet\obj\Debug\Projet.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Projet\Projet\obj\Debug\Projet.exe
c:\users\hp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Projet\Projet\obj\Debug\Projet.pdb
C:\Users\HP\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Projet\Projet\obj\Debug\Page.g.cs
C:\Users\HP\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Projet\Projet\obj\Debug\Page.baml
C:\Users\HP\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Projet\Projet\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
C:\Users\HP\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Projet\Projet\obj\Debug\Dossier.g.cs
C:\Users\HP\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Projet\Projet\obj\Debug\Dossier.baml
C:\Users\HP\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Projet\Projet\bin\Debug\itextsharp.dll
C:\Users\HP\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Projet\Projet\bin\Debug\itextsharp.pdfa.dll
C:\Users\HP\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Projet\Projet\bin\Debug\itextsharp.xtra.dll
C:\Users\HP\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Projet\Projet\bin\Debug\itextsharp.xml
C:\Users\HP\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Projet\Projet\obj\Debug\Projet.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
